Write a "features" page, clean up existing "features.md" (#1817)
sublimelsp/LSP: docs/src/concepts.md

# Concepts

This package enhances existing concepts from Sublime Text and introduces new concepts not native to Sublime Text. This page provides an overview of the most important capabilities. The capabilities/concepts are accessible in different ways. Some are accessible via the Context Menu by right-clicking with your mouse, or via the top Menu Bar. Others are part of an existing workflow. Almost all capabilities can also be bound to a key with a key binding.

> ## Auto Complete [cooperating]

Reviewer: I wonder if those words in the square brackets are necessary or even that it's clear what those mean.

The auto-complete functionality of Sublime Text is well-known to any user. It provides word completions from the current buffer, and, since ST4, completions from other files. It presents the auto-complete widget in a synchronous fashion.

> The LSP package enhances the auto-complete functionality.

Reviewer: A little more specific maybe?

```suggestion
The LSP package enhances the auto-complete list with results provided by the language server.
```

## Goto Definition [replacing]

> Sublime Text provides a "goto-def" feature by indexing the files in your project, and building a database out of the parsed files. The feature is accessible by clicking on Goto > Goto Definition. Sublime will attempt to jump to the definition of the word enclosing the caret. The files are parsed according to the `.sublime-syntax` associated to them. Entities which are assigned the `entity.name.*` scope are considered to be a "definition". Because a single `.sublime-syntax` file has no knowledge of the project structure, there may be multiple such "definitions".

Reviewer: Why use the word `goto-def`? Nowhere in ST it's called using such abbreviation. Could use full words.

## Hover [replacing]

"Hover" is a general term for an informational popup that appears when you bring your mouse to a word in the file. Sublime Text shows the definition(s) and references of the word that is under your caret.

The LSP package replaces this built-in hover popup with your language server's hover info, if it has the capability. For instance, it may display type information, documentation, and example usage.

## Diagnostics [new]

Diagnostics is a general term for "things that are of interest in the file". It may be syntax errors, warnings from your compiler, or hints about unused variables in a function.

It is incorrect to call this "lint results", because diagnostics encompass more than just lint results.

It is also incorrect to call these "problems", as hints are not really problems.

Sublime Text has no concept of diagnostics (nor lint results or problems), and hence does not provide an API endpoint to push diagnostics to the end-user. This package invented its own diagnostics presentation system.

The SublimeLinter package provides similar functionality.

## Formatting [new]

> Formatting is the art of computing a minimal set of white space text replacements. Formatting may be applied manually through a command invocation, or automatically when saving the file. Sublime Text has no concept of Formatting.

Reviewer: > Formatting is the art of computing a minimal set of white space text replacements.

I'm not sure about that. The formatting is more about formatting the document in a certain way. Whether it's done using minimal set of replacements or by replacing the whole document is not really relevant here, I'd say.

Author: Well, it's still supposed to only be whitespace changes.

Formatting is different from Code Actions, because Formatting is supposed to _not_ mutate the abstract syntax tree of the file, only move around white space. Any Code Action will mutate the abstract syntax tree.

This package presents Code Actions as a bluish clickable annotation positioned to the right of the viewport. Alternatively, they can be presented as a light bulb in the Gutter Area.

Sublime Text has no concept of Code Actions.

## Code Lenses [new]

Code Lenses are "actionable contextual information interspersed" in your source code.

- Actionable: You can click on the link and something happens.
- Contextual: The links are close to the code they are representing.
- Interspersed: The links are located throughout your source code.

This package presents Code Lenses as a greenish clickable annotation positioned to the right of the viewport. Alternatively, they can be presented as phantoms.

Sublime Text has no concept of Code Lenses.

## Server Commands

> In Sublime Text you can bind any runnable command to a key or add it to various UI elements. Commands in Sublime Text are normally written in the Python plugin host. A language server may provide a runnable command as well. These kinds of commands are wrapped in an `lsp_execute` Sublime command that you can bind to a key.

Reviewer: > Commands in Sublime Text are normally written in the Python plugin host.

Doesn't sound right. They are written in the editor.
Maybe: "Commands in Sublime Text are normally supplied by plugins or packages written in Python.

## Server Settings

Regular Sublime Text packages provide settings to adjust their behavior either via a `.sublime-settings` file that you can override in `Packages/User/package-name.sublime-settings`. A package may also allow customization through the `Packages/User/Preferences.sublime-settings` file and/or syntax-specific or project-specific settings.

A language server may itself also expose settings that you can use to customize its behavior. For instance certain linter settings. This package allows customizing language server settings.

## Server Initialization Options

> Initialization Options are like Server Settings, except they are static in the sense that they cannot be changed once the language server subprocess has started.

Reviewer: The `Server Settings` could be a local link.

Maybe also add: "Those can be provided using the `initializationOptions` object within the client configuration" where "client configuration" could be a link to https://lsp.sublimetext.io/guides/client_configuration/.
